
TEAM MEMBERS
Ryan Zarou 
Elliott Ieremia
Samuel Boahen 

PROJECT DESCRIPTION
Project 1
Scalable and robust infrastructure to create a building's heat and humidity profile Mechanics of this project is basically simple, and we have already done it– use sensors to collect temp/humidity data, save it to a local database on the Pi. What you need to do is create a robust, attention-free, easily deployable system that integrates data from many sources and allows a nontechnical user to visualize what is going on in a building at any specified time. You must design a scheme to save data from different Pi’s to a remote server that authorized persons can log into. Here is a use case scenario for the project: 

1. You give the people in a building a box and ask them to plug the box in to an outlet. You are going to assume that there is a WiFi network connection that the box can access. You could get the SSID/password of the network from the user in advance and set up your box accordingly. 

2. The box will start collecting temperature and humidity data at regular intervals, store locally, and also upload to a remote site. 

3. A user can log into the remote admin site, and should be able to access the temperature/humidity profile of each deployed box. 

4. The user interface of the admin site must be such that it can show the measured parameters in a specified time frame that the user can pick. 

5. It must be possible to see the individual data profiles of each box (in a graph), as well as a cumulative view (as stacked curves, for example)


PROGRESS MADE SO FAR
Auto temp and humidity data working
Storing data locally
Uploading data profile to remote site


WORK THAT NEEDS TO BE DONE IN THE NEXT 3 WEEKS
Create remote site for uploading
      Site needs
    Login system
    Ability to check data from each box
    UI that can display data from a specified time frame
    Show each box's data in a graph alone and as cumulative view


TEAM MEMBER ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, AND CONTRIBUTIONS

4. Contribution of each partner. List what each person did, and what each person’s future role for the project.


Ryan
Major:                     		Computer Science
Skills/Specialties:                 	Python, Java
Resources/Tools/Supplies Available:     Raspberry Pi
Willing to Work On:                 	Creating database / collecting data


Elliott
Major:                     		Computer Science
Skills/Specialties :                	Java, Jury-rigging code with duct-tape and 
					hope to provide a base for someone who knows what they’re doing
Resources/Tools/Supplies Available:     Raspberry Pi
Willing to Work On:                 	Anything, Assisting in all areas when possible


Sam
Major:                     		Computer Engineering
Skills/Specialties:                 	Digital Logic, Programming (C/C++ ; Java ; Verilog),
                        		Some 3D Printing Experience (Rhino), Project
                        		Management, Powerpoint/Interactive  
              			        Animations, Design/Aesthetics, Public 
                		        Speaking/Presenting
Resources/Tools/Supplies Available:    	Engineering Toolbox, Raspberry Pi
Willing to Work On:                	Presentations/Slides, HTML